README.md, before:

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvercel%2Fcommerce&project-name=commerce&repo-name=commerce&demo-title=Next.js%20Commerce&demo-description=An%20all-in-one%20starter%20kit%20for%20high-performance%20e-commerce%20sites.&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fdemo.vercel.store&demo-image=https%3A%2F%2Fbigcommerce-demo-asset-ksvtgfvnd.vercel.app%2Fbigcommerce.png&integration-ids=oac_MuWZiE4jtmQ2ejZQaQ7ncuDT)

# Next.js Commerce

The all-in-one starter kit for high-performance e-commerce sites. With a few clicks, Next.js developers can clone, deploy and fully own their own store.
Start right now at [nextjs.org/commerce](https://nextjs.org/commerce)

Demo live at: [demo.vercel.store](https://demo.vercel.store/)

This project is currently <b>under development</b>.

## Goals and Features

- Performant by default
- SEO Ready
- Internationalization
- Responsive
- UI Components
- Theming
- Standarized Data Hooks
- Integrations - Integrate seamlessly with the most common ecommerce platforms.
- Dark Mode Support

## Work in progress

We're using Github Projects to keep track of issues in progress and todo's. Here is our [Board](https://github.com/vercel/commerce/projects/1)

## Integrations

Next.js Commerce integrates out-of-the-box with BigCommerce. We plan to support all major ecommerce backends.

## Troubleshoot

<details>
<summary>I already own a BigCommerce store. What should I do?</summary>
<br>
First thing you do is: <b>set your environment variables</b>
<br>
<br>
.env.local

```sh
BIGCOMMERCE_STOREFRONT_API_URL=<>
BIGCOMMERCE_STOREFRONT_API_TOKEN=<>
BIGCOMMERCE_STORE_API_URL=<>
BIGCOMMERCE_STORE_API_TOKEN=<>
BIGCOMMERCE_STORE_API_CLIENT_ID=<>
```

Next, you're free to customize the starter. More updates coming soon. Stay tuned.

</details>

<details>
<summary>BigCommerce shows a Coming Soon page and requests a Preview Code</summary>
<br>
After Email confirmation, Checkout should be manually enabled through BigCommerce platform. Look for "Review & test your store" section through BigCommerce's dashboard.
<br>
<br>
BigCommerce team has been notified and they plan to add more detailed about this subject.
</details>

## Contribute

Our commitment to Open Source can be found [here](https://vercel.com/oss).

1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository to your own GitHub account and then [clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) it to your local device.
2. Create a new branch `git checkout -b MY_BRANCH_NAME`
3. Install yarn: `npm install -g yarn`
4. Install the dependencies: `yarn`
5. Run `yarn dev` to build and watch for code changes
6. The development branch is `development` (this is the branch pull requests should be made against).
   On a release, the relevant parts of the changes in the `staging` branch are rebased into `master`.

Commit message:

Add an env template and some notes in the readme

README.md, after:

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvercel%2Fcommerce&project-name=commerce&repo-name=commerce&demo-title=Next.js%20Commerce&demo-description=An%20all-in-one%20starter%20kit%20for%20high-performance%20e-commerce%20sites.&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fdemo.vercel.store&demo-image=https%3A%2F%2Fbigcommerce-demo-asset-ksvtgfvnd.vercel.app%2Fbigcommerce.png&integration-ids=oac_MuWZiE4jtmQ2ejZQaQ7ncuDT)

# Next.js Commerce

The all-in-one starter kit for high-performance e-commerce sites. With a few clicks, Next.js developers can clone, deploy and fully own their own store.
Start right now at [nextjs.org/commerce](https://nextjs.org/commerce)

Demo live at: [demo.vercel.store](https://demo.vercel.store/)

This project is currently <b>under development</b>.

## Goals and Features

- Performant by default
- SEO Ready
- Internationalization
- Responsive
- UI Components
- Theming
- Standarized Data Hooks
- Integrations - Integrate seamlessly with the most common ecommerce platforms.
- Dark Mode Support

## Work in progress

We're using Github Projects to keep track of issues in progress and todo's. Here is our [Board](https://github.com/vercel/commerce/projects/1)

## Integrations

Next.js Commerce integrates out-of-the-box with BigCommerce. We plan to support all major ecommerce backends.

## Troubleshoot

<details>
<summary>I already own a BigCommerce store. What should I do?</summary>
<br>
First thing you do is: <b>set your environment variables</b>
<br>
<br>
.env.local

```sh
BIGCOMMERCE_STOREFRONT_API_URL=<>
BIGCOMMERCE_STOREFRONT_API_TOKEN=<>
BIGCOMMERCE_STORE_API_URL=<>
BIGCOMMERCE_STORE_API_TOKEN=<>
BIGCOMMERCE_STORE_API_CLIENT_ID=<>
```

Next, you're free to customize the starter. More updates coming soon. Stay tuned.

</details>

<details>
<summary>BigCommerce shows a Coming Soon page and requests a Preview Code</summary>
<br>
After Email confirmation, Checkout should be manually enabled through BigCommerce platform. Look for "Review & test your store" section through BigCommerce's dashboard.
<br>
<br>
BigCommerce team has been notified and they plan to add more detailed about this subject.
</details>

## Contribute

Our commitment to Open Source can be found [here](https://vercel.com/oss).

1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository to your own GitHub account and then [clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) it to your local device.
2. Create a new branch `git checkout -b MY_BRANCH_NAME`
3. Install yarn: `npm install -g yarn`
4. Install the dependencies: `yarn`
5. Duplicate `.env.template` and rename it to `.env.local`.
6. Add proper store values to `.env.local`.
7. Run `yarn dev` to build and watch for code changes
8. The development branch is `development` (this is the branch pull requests should be made against).
   On a release, the relevant parts of the changes in the `staging` branch are rebased into `master`.
